vendek's
defense and pens a 303 hitter he and
Joey O'Brien loves to sell cars Vincent
Vincent mercedes-benz Anisakis Ben right
now you're probably thinking hey this is
not the car for me over the touch of one
button Max Headroom I'm talking
emotional support emotional can you
avoid ya wanna make it happen not this
emotional thing you want and he loves
too many women yeah you know when you
want something you gotta go out there
you gotta take it like a shot well
that's how I should take you from
underneath Oh what I believe you Tina we
were asked Lee do you remember why not
he has a little explaining to do
Oh how many times you did done and when
the where and I want to know how her too
and my wife and his wife uh hell you got
time to make a living
what's he talking utilities Tom come on
Lisa Lisa I knew you were gonna leave
the don't we know what's that making for
how many girls you've got this is my
daughter no wife no it's okay looks like
he's a busy boy you're Joey you're very
busy for the diamond hey Lyla Lyla
listen there's an explanation for this
there really is Oh Robin Williams Tim
Robbins you got a lot of girls it's easy
for you
it is Cadillac man